[ISSUE #6581]Add a description of the Apache RocketMQ E2E repository in README.md (#6582)
apache/rocketmq: README.md

* [RocketMQ EventBridge](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-eventbridge): EventBridge make it easier to build a event-driven application.
* [RocketMQ Incubating Community Projects](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-externals): Icubator community projects of Apache RocketMQ, including [logappender](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-externals/tree/master/logappender), [rocketmq-ansible](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-externals/tree/master/rocketmq-ansible), [rocketmq-beats-integration](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-externals/tree/master/rocketmq-beats-integration), [rocketmq-cloudevents-binding](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-externals/tree/master/rocketmq-cloudevents-binding), etc.
* [RocketMQ Site](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-site): The repository for Apache RocketMQ website.

> * [RocketMQ E2E](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-e2e): A project for Apache RocketMQ test, including e2e,performance,compatibility test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [RocketMQ E2E](https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-e2e): A project for testing Apache RocketMQ, including end-to-end, performance, compatibility tests.
```
